README.md, before:

FFmpeg Catapult
===============

A clean and simple graphical launcher for FFmpeg:

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/Main.png)

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/Picture.png)

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/Video.png)

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/VideoSettings.png)

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/Audio.png)

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/Tagging.png)

![Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Screenshots/Options.png)

Requirements
============
- Microsoft .NET Framework 4 runtime or Mono with WinForms support.
- A FFmpeg binary with libx264, libxvid, libmp3lame and libvoaacenc support.
- Terminal emulator such as Command Prompt (Windows) or Xterm (Unix).

Features
========
- XML formatted Presets for widely used codecs and multi-media devices.
- Support for user created preset files.
- Encode videos with only a few clicks.
- Lightweight.
- Two-pass encoding.

Install
=======
After extracting the FFCatapult_xx.zip file, copy the ffcatapult.exe and presets.xml 
files onto your FFmpeg binary folder or place the FFmpeg binary onto the folder where 
the FFmpeg Catapult executable is.

Commit message:

Re-arranged main image archive folder and added new logo for project

README.md, after:

FFmpeg Catapult
===============

A clean and simple graphical launcher for FFmpeg.

![FFmpeg Catapult](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Logo.png)

![FFmpeg Catapult Screenshot - Main Tab](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Screenshots/Main.png)

![FFmpeg Catapult Screenshot - Picture Tab](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Screenshots/Picture.png)

![FFmpeg Catapult Screenshot - Video Tab](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Screenshots/Video.png)

![FFmpeg Catapult Screenshot - Audio Tab](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Screenshots/Audio.png)

![FFmpeg Catapult Screenshot - Tagging Tab](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Screenshots/Tagging.png)

![FFmpeg Catapult Screenshot - Options Tab](https://raw.github.com/mylesthaiss/FFmpegCatapult/master/Images/Screenshots/Options.png)

Requirements
============
- Microsoft .NET Framework 4 runtime or Mono with WinForms support.
- A FFmpeg binary with libx264, libxvid, libmp3lame and libvoaacenc support.
- Terminal emulator such as Command Prompt (Windows) or Xterm (Unix).

Features
========
- XML formatted Presets for widely used codecs and multi-media devices.
- Support for user created preset files.
- Encode videos with only a few clicks.
- Lightweight.
- Two-pass encoding.

Install
=======
After extracting the FFCatapult_xx.zip file, copy the ffcatapult.exe and presets.xml 
files onto your FFmpeg binary folder or place the FFmpeg binary onto the folder where 
the FFmpeg Catapult executable is.
